Okay, I need to analyze the given C code and generate a precise CDFG in Graphviz DOT format for the main function. Let me start by understanding the provided code.

The code includes a main function that calls expint(50, 1) and another commented line calling expint(50,21). The expint function is quite complex with multiple loops and conditionals. I'll focus on the main function as per the user's request.

Looking at the main function:

void main(void)
{
  expint(50,1);
  // with  expint(50,21) as argument, runs the short path
  // in expint.   expint(50,1)  gives the longest execution time
}

It's a simple function that calls expint twice, but only one call is active. So, the main function has two nodes: one for the call to expint(50,1), and another for the commented line which isn't executed.

I'll need to represent each statement as a node in the CDFG. Since the second line is commented out, it won't be part of the control flow. Therefore, the main function's CDFG will have nodes for the function call and possibly an exit node.

Wait, but in the example provided, even commented lines aren't included. So, I should only include executable code. The main function has one active function call and another commented line which isn't executed. So, the graph will consist of:

1. Node representing the expint(50,1) call.
2. An exit node.

I need to represent the control flow. The first statement calls expint, then implicitly returns, leading to the end of the function.

So, nodes would be:

- Node 1: Call to expint(50,1)
- Node 2: Return from main (exit)

Edges would be from node 1 to node 2 since after calling expint, main exits.

Wait, but in C functions, after the last statement, there's an implicit return. So, the control flow is straightforward: start at node 1, then proceed to exit.

I should also consider data flow. The call to expint uses n=50 and x=1, which are literals, so they don't have usages beyond that point.

Now, structuring this into a DOT file:

- Nodes will be labeled with their ID and the code they represent.
- Edges connect nodes in the order of execution.
- The exit node is represented with a doublecircle to indicate the end.

I'll use shape=circle for most nodes except the start and exit. Wait, no—the main function starts at node 1 (the expint call) since that's the first executable statement after entering main. But typically, main has an entry point as well. Hmm, perhaps I should include an entry node?

Wait, in control flow graphs, often the entry is considered the starting point. So, maybe node 0 represents the entry to main, then node 1 is the call, and node 2 is the exit.

Alternatively, since main's code starts with expint(50,1), I can represent that as the first node after the entry.

But for simplicity, perhaps just have two nodes: one for the function call and another for the exit. The control flow would be: start -> call -> exit.

Wait, but in terms of basic blocks, each statement is a block. So main has two statements if we count the commented line as not executed, or just one if only the active code is considered.

But since the commented line isn't part of the execution path, I'll ignore it for the CDFG.

So, the main function's control flow graph will have:

- Node 1: expint(50,1)
- Node 2: Return (exit)

Edges: 1 -> 2

But wait, in the example provided by the user, even a single statement was represented with nodes for each line. So I'll need to represent each executable statement as a node.

In this case, main has two lines:

1. expint(50,1);
2. // commented line...

Since only the first is executed, the graph will have one node for the call and then proceed to exit.

But perhaps in the CDFG, after executing the function call, control flows to the next statement, which isn't present, leading directly to exit.

Alternatively, I can model it as:

Entry (node 0) -> Node 1 (function call) -> Node 2 (exit)

So nodes are:

0: Entry
1: expint(50,1);
2: Exit

Edges: 0->1; 1->2.

But the example given by the user didn't include an entry node. Looking back, in their example, the first code line was Node 1. So perhaps I should start at node 1.

In any case, for main(), it's a simple function with one active statement followed by exit.

So, the nodes would be:

Node 1: expint(50,1);

Node 2: (exit)

Edge from 1 to 2.

Also, need to represent data flow. The call to expint uses n=50 and x=1, which are literals, so no variables to track here except for the function's parameters, but since they're passed in, not defined locally in main.

So, data-wise, node 1 has C-Use: none (since it's a function call), but def: nothing as well because it doesn't define any local variables. Wait, function calls typically don't create new definitions in the caller unless they modify global variables or have side effects, which isn't the case here.

So, for node 1, there are no defs except for potential side effects, but we're not tracking that.

Now, structuring this into DOT:

Each node is labeled with its ID and a description. Edges show control flow.

So, in the DOT file:

digraph main {
    rankdir=TB;
    node [shape=circle];
    
    1 [label="1", xlabel="expint(50, 1);"];
    2 [label="2", shape=doublecircle, xlabel="Exit"];

    1 -> 2;
}

For the mapeamento código-nós:

<codigos - main>
Node 1:
expint(50,1);
---
</codigos>

I think that's all for this function. It's quite straightforward since it only has one active statement.