Okay, I need to analyze the provided code and its CDFG to identify any infeasible paths. Let me start by understanding both the code and the CDFG.

First, looking at the selftest function. It loops through test cases, performs encryption and decryption checks, and then does some weak key detection.

In the CDFG, nodes 1 to 12 represent different parts of the control flow. The graph shows how each node is connected based on conditions and function calls.

Starting with Passo 1: Mapping code to CDFG.

Node 1 corresponds to the for loop starting at i=0. Node 2 handles tripleDES functions and assigns result variables. Nodes 3,4,6,7 are related to memcmp checks and error returns. Nodes 9-10 handle weak key detection.

Now Passo 2: Identifying potential paths.

Looking for all possible paths through the CDFG:

One path is 1 ->2->3 (encryption check). If the condition in node 3 is true, it goes to node4 and returns an error. If false, it continues to node5, then 6 (decryption check), which if fails goes to node7, else continues.

Another path after test cases is nodes9-10: checking each weak key. If any are detected, it proceeds; otherwise, ends at 12.

Passo3: Classifying infeasible paths.

I need to look for contradictions or impossible data flows.

Looking at the encryption check (node3): memcmp returns true if cipher and result differ. So node3 has two branches: false means continue, true returns error.

Is there any scenario where after a successful encryption check, decryption could fail? Well, it's possible if the tripleDES functions are faulty, but in terms of logical contradictions, no obvious static inviability here.

Looking at weak key detection (node10): It loops through each weak key and checks. If any is detected as not weak, node11 proceeds; else node12 returns 0.

Wait, in node10: it's checking if a key is NOT weak, right? The code has 'if (is_weak_key) return error', so the condition is !is_weak_key would mean no problem. So for each key in the list, if any of them are not considered weak by the function, the loop continues.

But considering that all keys might be weak, node10 would process all and then go to node11 only after checking all, which may never trigger because maybe all are detected as weak. Hmm, but logically, node10's condition is based on 'is_weak_key' being true or false.

Wait, the code in node10 is: if (is_weak_key) return error; else continues?

No, looking at the code:

for each key in weak keys:
    if (!is_weak_key(key)) {
        // do something
        continue;
    }
    // else, it's a weak key

Wait no, the code says for each key in weak_keys, check if !is_weak_key returns true. If so, meaning the key is not weak, then error because we should have detected all weak keys.

So node10: 'for (key in weak_keys)' and inside, condition checks if any are not considered weak by the function. So if that's ever true, it returns an error.

Thus, for each key, the code expects all to be weak; otherwise, it's a problem.

But is there any situation where this loop would never hit node11? For example, if none of the keys are not weak, then after processing all, it continues. Only when one is detected as not weak does it return an error.

Thus, the only possible paths through this part are:

Either at some key, !is_weak_key is true (return error), or all keys pass and the function proceeds to node12.

So, no static infeasibility here because the loop can end normally if all keys are correctly detected as weak. But if any key isn't detected, it's an error.

Another area: The for loop at node1 runs from i=0 to less than sizeof(testdata)/sizeof each test case. Each iteration does encryption and decryption tests.

Is there a scenario where, after failing the first test case, the code would not proceed? No, because the loop continues regardless of each test case's outcome; it only returns an error if any test fails.

So, in terms of logical contradictions, I don't see any. Each condition seems possible based on how the functions behave.

Therefore, perhaps there are no statically infeasible paths because all conditions could be true under certain inputs or function behaviors.

Wait another thought: looking at node3 and node6. Both perform memcmp checks.

For example, if encryption passes (memcmp is false), then decryption must also pass for it to not return an error. But suppose the functions are faulty; perhaps in some cases, after a successful encryption check, decryption could fail. So in code execution, that path would be possible.

In terms of static analysis, since we're considering all possible execution paths based on logical conditions, I don't see any contradictions here because the outcome depends on how tripleDES functions perform, which isn't determined by this test function's logic but external factors.

Thus, after reviewing each node and possible path through the CDFG, it appears that there are no infeasible paths due to logical contradictions or data dependencies within the selftest function itself. All paths are possible based on how the tested functions behave.