Okay, so I need to create a CDFG (Control and Data Flow Graph) for the main function in the provided C code using Graphviz DOT notation. The user has given specific instructions on how to structure this graph, including details about nodes, edges, and labels. 

First, I'll start by understanding the main function and its flow. The main function initializes an array, calls BubbleSort, and handles some output. There are also some conditional compilations based on WCSIM.

I remember that in a CDFG, each basic block is represented as a node, and control flows are edges with conditions labeled. I need to identify all the basic blocks and map out their data flow, including definitions (def) and uses (c-use/p-use).

Looking at the main function, the steps are:

1. It starts by defining some variables: StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime.
2. There's a check for WCSIM; if not defined, it prints some messages.
3. Calls Initialize(Array), then BubbleSort(Array).
4. Again, checks for WCSIM to print timing information.

Each of these steps can be broken down into basic blocks. I'll need to assign each block a unique ID and describe their labels and data flows.

I also need to consider the types of nodes: processing nodes as boxes (but in DOT shape=circle), decision nodes as diamonds, and terminations as double circles. Each node should have labels indicating definitions and uses.

For example, node 1 might be the start of main where variables are declared. Node 2 could be the first check for WCSIM. Then, node 3 is the call to Initialize, which modifies the Array. This would have a def for Array being modified.

The BubbleSort function will have its own basic blocks within main. The loop structures in BubbleSort need to be broken down into their control flow nodes with proper conditions on edges.

I should also note the data flow between nodes—what variables are defined and used where. For example, after Initialize is called, Array has known values because it's using KNOWN_VALUE.

Each edge will have a condition if it's a decision point. For loops, I'll represent them with a node that checks the loop condition and branches back or continues.

I need to make sure each node has the correct shape: processing nodes are circles, decisions as diamonds (but in DOT, we can't use diamond for all; perhaps using 'diamond' shape?), but according to the example, they used circle for everything. Wait, no—looking at the reference, nodes were circles with labels indicating their role.

Wait, the user's example had all nodes as circles but labeled them based on function (e.g., conditionals, processing). So in this case, maybe all nodes are circles but have different text to indicate control points versus processing steps.

I also need to ensure that the graph starts at node 1 and ends with a double circle. Each edge should correctly represent the control flow, including loop conditions.

Let me outline the main function's structure step by step:

1. Start of main.
2. Declare variables.
3. Check if WCSIM is defined; if not, print messages.
4. Call Initialize(Array).
5. Call BubbleSort(Array).
6. Again, check if WCSIM is defined to print timing info.
7. Termination.

Each of these steps can be nodes:

- Node 1: Start, declares variables (StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime). Definitions include these variables and Array being initialized elsewhere.
- Node 2: Check for WCSIM; uses#ifndef WCSIM, so p-use for that macro. If not defined, proceeds to print.
- Nodes 3 and 4: The printf statements when WCSIM is not defined.
- Node 5: Calls Initialize(Array); this modifies the Array variable (def).
- Node 6: Calls BubbleSort(Array); which uses the Array (p-use) and may modify it (def).
- Node 7: Again checks if WCSIM is defined to print timing; p-use for WCSIM.
- Node 8: Termination.

But wait, that's a linear view. However, inside Initialize and BubbleSort, there are loops which add more control flow nodes.

Wait, the main function calls other functions (Initialize and BubbleSort), but in the CDFG, those would be represented as processing nodes where the function is called. The data flow would show Array being passed and modified.

But perhaps for simplicity, I can represent each function call as a single node that shows the operation and data dependencies.

So, let's think about all the basic blocks:

1. Start of main.
2. Declare variables: StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime. Definitions here are these variables and Array being initialized later.
3. Check if WCSIM is defined; if not, print messages. This involves a conditional check (ifndef) leading to two paths—true or false.

Wait, but in C, #ifndef WCSIM is a preprocessor directive that affects the code generation. So in terms of control flow, it's more like including certain code blocks.

But since in the main function, after the includes, the code does:

#ifndef WCSIM
   printf("\n *** BUBBLE SORT BENCHMARK TEST ***\n\n");
   printf("RESULTS OF TEST:\n\n");
#endif

Then initializes Array and calls BubbleSort. Then again:

#ifndef WCSIM
   printf("     - Number of elements sorted is %d\n", NUMELEMS);
   printf("     - Total time sorting is %3.3f seconds\n\n", TotalTime);
#endif

So, in the main function's control flow, these two #ifndef blocks are separate.

Therefore, each of these printf calls can be represented as nodes that only execute when WCSIM is not defined.

Similarly, the BubbleSort function has loops and conditionals inside it, which will add more nodes to the graph.

I think I'm overcomplicating. Let's focus on the main function first, then the called functions.

For main:

1. Node 1: Start of main.
   - Declares variables StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime (def).
   - Uses KNOWN_VALUE and others from includes.

2. Node 2: Check if WCSIM is defined via #ifndef WCSIM.
   - If not (TRUE), proceed to print messages.
   - So, node 2 has a condition leading to node 3 (print) or continues.

Wait, no—because the code inside #ifndef is either included or not. From the compiler's perspective, it's part of the control flow only if WCSIM is undefined.

But for the CDFG, we need to represent all possible paths.

Alternatively, perhaps in this context, since WCSIM is a macro defined at compile time, the code either includes those printf statements or skips them. So, from runtime control flow perspective, it's not part of the dynamic execution but static.

Hmm, that complicates things because preprocessor directives are handled before compilation, so they don't appear in the compiled code as control structures.

Wait, no. The #ifndef is processed by the preprocessor, and the code either includes those printf statements or not. So, from the compiler's point of view, the main function may have these printfs or not, depending on WCSIM.

So, perhaps for the CDFG, we need to represent both possibilities as a conditional branch, even though it's determined at compile time.

But that might be beyond the scope since the user provided code has #ifndef directives. So in the generated CDFG, we should model these as possible branches.

Therefore:

- Node 1: main starts.
- Node 2: Check if WCSIM is defined.
   - If not (TRUE), execute node 3 and 4 (print messages).
   - Else (FALSE), skip to node 5.

Then proceed with Initialize and BubbleSort.

After that, another #ifndef block:

- Node 5: After BubbleSort, check if WCSIM is undefined.
   - If TRUE, print results (nodes 6 and 7).
   - Else, continue.

Finally, the function returns.

Now, each node should have labels indicating their definitions and uses.

For example, node 1 has def for StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime, and Array.

Node 2 checks #ifndef WCSIM. So it's a condition based on that macro.

Wait, but in C, the preprocessor defines macros before compilation, so from runtime perspective, these are compile-time decisions. However, for the purpose of this exercise, we need to model them as control flow nodes with conditions.

Therefore:

- Node 2: Condition node checking #ifndef WCSIM (i.e., if WCSIM is not defined).
   - If true (WCSIM not defined), proceed to print messages.
   - Else, skip.

So edges would be from node 2 to node3 (if WCSIM not defined) and to node5 (if defined).

Similarly, after BubbleSort, there's another #ifndef block:

- Node8: Check if WCSIM is not defined.
   - If true, print results; else, proceed.

Each of these print statements are nodes with their own def and uses.

For example, the first printf in main when WCSIM is not defined:

Node3:
printf("\n *** BUBBLE SORT ..."); 
This node has a use of KNOWN_VALUE? Or perhaps it's just printing static strings. So no data dependencies beyond the string literals.

Wait, looking at the code:

The first #ifndef block prints fixed strings, so their content is known and doesn't depend on any variables. However, in Initialize, Array is filled with Index*fact * KNOWN_VALUE. But that's in another function.

So for node3 (first printf), it's a C-use for the string pointer.

But perhaps, since the code prints messages, those are nodes that have no data dependencies except for string literals.

Now, after the initial print statements, the main function calls Initialize(Array):

Node4: Call to Initialize(Array).
   - This is a function call that modifies Array (def).

Then, node5: call to BubbleSort(Array).
   - Uses Array (p-use) and may modify it (def).

After returning from BubbleSort, another #ifndef block prints the results:

Node6: printf for elements sorted.
Node7: printf for total time.

Each of these nodes is only executed if WCSIM is not defined.

Finally, node8: return from main.

I need to make sure that each node is connected properly with edges indicating control flow and conditions.

Now, considering all the above, I can outline the CDFG as follows:

Nodes:

1. Start of main.
   - Definitions: StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime, Array.

2. Check if WCSIM not defined (#ifndef).
   - P-Use: WCSIM.

3. If true:
   - Print first message.
      - No data dependencies except string literal.

4. Else:
   - Proceed to Initialize call.

5. Call to Initialize(Array).
   - Def: Array is modified using KNOWN_VALUE and Index*fact.

6. Call to BubbleSort(Array).
   - Uses Array (p-use) and may modify it.

7. After BubbleSort, check if WCSIM not defined.
   - P-Use: WCSIM.

8. If true:
   - Print elements sorted.
      - No data dependencies except string and NUMELEMS.

9. Else:
   - Proceed to return.

10. Print total time.
    - Uses TotalTime (defined earlier).

11. End of main, return.

Wait, but the second #ifndef is after BubbleSort, so it's a separate check.

But perhaps this approach will lead to nodes that represent each possible execution path.

Now, arranging all these into a graph:

Node 1 → Node2 (condition WCSIM not defined?).

If true: Node2 → Node3 → Node4 → Node5 → Node6 → Node7 → Node8 (end with return).
If false: Node2 → Node5 (call Initialize) → Node6 (call BubbleSort) → Node7 (check WCSIM again) → Node9 → Node10 → Node8.

Wait, that might not be accurate because after BubbleSort, there's another #ifndef block.

So more accurately:

After node5 (Initialize), call to BubbleSort is node6. Then, after return from BubbleSort, check again if WCSIM is not defined in node7.

If true: print elements and time (nodes8 and9). Else, proceed to node10 (return).

But I think the correct order is:

Main starts → Check WCSIM → If not, print; else, proceed.

Proceed to Initialize call → BubbleSort call → After return, check WCSIM again → If not, print; else, return.

So, nodes:

1: main start
2: check WCSIM (ifndef)
3: if true, print first message
4: print second message
5: call Initialize
6: call BubbleSort
7: after BubbleSort, check WCSIM
8: if true, print elements
9: print time
10: return

But the connections would be:

From node2:
   - if WCSIM not defined (true): go to node3 → then to node4.
   - else: go directly to node5.

After node4: proceed to node5.

Wait no, after the initial check and possible print, whether you printed or not, you have to call Initialize and BubbleSort regardless of WCSIM. Because even if WCSIM is defined, the code still proceeds to those function calls.

So:

1 → 2 (condition on WCSIM)
   - true: 2→3→4
   - false: 2→5

Then, after node4 (whether printed or not), proceed to node5 (call Initialize).

After node5, call node6 (BubbleSort). After returning from node6, check node7 (WCSIM again):

   if true → 8→9→10 (return)
   else →10.

So the full flow is:

1 →2
   - true: 2→3→4 →5→6→7 → then based on 7's condition:
      if true:7→8→9→10
      if false:7→10

   - false:2→5→6→7→ same as above.

Wait, that might be correct. So after node7 (the second WCSIM check), decide to print or not.

But in this case, node3 and 4 are executed only when WCSIM is undefined. Similarly, nodes8 and9 are executed when WCSIM is undefined after BubbleSort.

Now, considering the data dependencies:

- Node1: def StartTime, StopTime, TotalTime, Array.
- Node2: p-use WCSIM.
- Node3: print message, no data use except string literals (so perhaps no def/uses listed).
- Node4: same as node3.
- Node5: call to Initialize which modifies Array (def).
   - So node5's def includes Array being modified via KNOWN_VALUE and Index*fact.

Wait, but in Initialize function, inside the code:

Inside the code given, the user has:

/* ... */
Initialize() {
  for(...) {
    Array[i] = Index * fact * KNOWN_VALUE;
  }
}
So, node5 is a call to Initialize which uses Index, fact, and KNOWN_VALUE.

But from main's perspective, it just passes Array. So perhaps in the CDFG, the function call nodes only show what they pass, not their internal data dependencies unless necessary.

Alternatively, we can represent that node5 (Initialize call) modifies Array based on its parameters and internal computations, but for simplicity, perhaps focus on the main function's variables.

In any case, this is getting quite complex. I think it's better to proceed step by step, ensuring each node captures the relevant def and uses.

Finally, in terms of code:

The CDFG should start with node1 (main entry), which has definitions for the variables.

Each #ifndef is a condition leading to print nodes if true or skipping them if false.

Then, function calls are represented as processing nodes that may modify their parameters.

After all, the graph ends at node10 with a double circle to indicate termination.

I think I've got a rough outline. Now, let's structure this into the required format.