Okay, I need to create a Control and Data Flow Graph (CDFG) for the function InitSeed in the provided code. Let me first understand what this function does.

Looking at the code, the function InitSeed is declared as void InitSeed(void). Inside it, there's a comment indicating that the original code was changed to something simpler. The line Seed = ((Seed * 133) + 81) % 8095; is used, but wait, actually in the given code, the function just sets Seed = 0;. Hmm, let me check again.

Wait, no, looking back: the comment says "changed Thomas Ls code to something simpler." So maybe the original had a different way of initializing the seed, but now it's set to zero. So the function simply initializes the global variable Seed to zero.

So the function is very simple: it has one statement where Seed is assigned 0.

Now, I need to model this as a CDFG according to the specifications.

First, identify all the basic blocks. Since there's only one statement, the entire function is a single basic block.

Next, map definitions and uses of variables. The variable Seed is used here. In the code, it's assigned 0, so it's both defined and used (since it's on both sides). Wait, in this case, Seed is being assigned a value, so it's defined. But in C terms, the left side is an lvalue, which refers to the variable.

So for data flow:

- Def: Seed = 0
- Use: none before assignment, but when assigning, Seed is read from its previous value (if any). However, since this is a definition, perhaps it's only a def and not a use in this case. Or maybe both? Because in the line Seed = ..., the left side is an lvalue (use) and the right side is 0.

Wait, but for data flow analysis:

- The assignment statement has a definition of Seed as the result of 0.
- Before the assignment, Seed may have some value, which is read. So it's a use.

So in terms of uses and defs: Seed is both used (from its previous value) and defined (as 0).

But perhaps for this function, since it's initializing Seed to zero, the only relevant thing is that it's defining Seed. But I'm not sure if I need to track all uses and defs.

In the CDFG, each node represents a basic block. Since there's only one statement, we have one node.

For control flow: The function starts at the assignment, then exits. So it's a single path with no branches or loops.

Now, let me structure this as per the specifications:

The graph will be a digraph named InitSeed.

Nodes should represent basic blocks. Each node is labeled with its ID and has an xlabel indicating defs and uses.

In this case, Node 1 would have:

- Def: Seed
- C-Use: None (since it's assigning 0, but I'm not sure if reading the previous value counts as a use. Alternatively, perhaps in the assignment statement, the left side is an lvalue, which is a read operation.)

Wait, for the line Seed = 0;:

- The right-hand side is a literal, so no data dependencies except for the assignment itself.

But since Seed is a global variable, its previous value could be considered as a use. So in terms of data flow:

- Uses: Seed (reading its current value, but in this case, it's being overwritten)
Wait, actually, when you write to a variable, you're not using its old value unless the new assignment depends on it. In this line, 0 is a constant, so the assignment doesn't use the previous value of Seed. Therefore, there's no read (use) operation for Seed in this statement.

So in terms of data flow:

- Def: Seed = 0
- No uses except perhaps for side effects, but I think we don't model that.

Wait, no: in assignment statements, the left-hand side is an lvalue, which refers to the variable. So it's a use because you're accessing its address or value to write to it. But in terms of data flow analysis, usually, only the right-hand side's uses are considered unless there's aliasing or other complexities.

Hmm, perhaps I should think differently. For the assignment:

- The left side (Seed) is an lvalue; so it's a use because you're referencing it to assign a value.
- The right side is 0, which is a constant, no use.

So for data dependencies:

- Use: Seed (for the assignment target)
- Def: Seed (the new value)

But wait, in this case, the function initializes Seed to zero. So before this statement, Seed might have any value, but after it's set to 0. So from a control flow perspective, the function has one basic block with an assignment.

So the node will represent this assignment.

Now, let me structure the graph:

The digraph will be named InitSeed.

Each node is represented as a box (shape=box), except for the exit node which is doublecircle.

Wait, according to the specs, diamond shapes are for decisions, but in this case, there's no decision. So all nodes are boxes except the start and end?

Wait, no: the function starts with one basic block and ends, so the entry point is a box, and the exit is a double circle.

But wait, according to the example provided, each node is labeled as follows:

For example, in the Java code example, each node was numbered and had labels indicating defs and uses. So for our case, Node 1 would be:

label: "1", xlabel: "Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"

Because in the assignment, we're defining Seed to 0, but there's no use of any other variables except perhaps implicitly.

Wait, actually, when assigning to a global variable, do I have any data uses? In this case, no. The right-hand side is 0, which doesn't require any memory access, so no C-Use (computational use) besides the assignment target.

So for Node 1:

xlabel would be "Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"

But wait, in terms of operation, it's an assignment statement. So perhaps I should represent that as well.

In terms of the node's label and xlabel:

label is just a number (1), and xlabel contains def and use info.

So Node 1 would have:

label="1", xlabel="Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"

But wait, in the assignment statement, the left side is Seed, which is an lvalue. So is that considered a P-Use or C-Use? Or perhaps it's not counted as a use since it's on the left-hand side.

Alternatively, maybe I should model it as:

Def: Seed

No uses except for the fact that we're writing to it, but in data flow analysis, writes don't require reads unless there are dependencies. So perhaps in this case, there's no use of any variable besides assigning a new value.

So Node 1 would be:

label="1", xlabel="Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"

Now, the control flow starts at node 1 and exits after that. So there are no edges except for the exit.

In terms of graph structure, node 1 points to the exit node (node 2), which is a doublecircle.

So the digraph would be:

digraph InitSeed {
    rankdir=TB;
    node [shape=circle];
    
    1 [label="1", xlabel="Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"];
    2 [label="", shape=doublecircle];

    1 -> 2;
}

But wait, in the example provided, each basic block is a circle. But for functions with only one statement, perhaps I should represent it as a single node leading to the exit.

Alternatively, maybe all nodes except the entry and exit are circles. Entry could be a square or something else?

Wait, according to the example, the first node (1) is a process step, represented as a circle, but labeled with its code.

So perhaps in this case:

- Node 1: assignment statement
- Node 2: exit

But wait, the function only has one statement. So maybe it's just two nodes: the assignment and then the exit.

Alternatively, since after the assignment, there are no more statements, the function exits. So node 1 is the assignment, node 2 is the exit (doublecircle).

So:

digraph InitSeed {
    rankdir=TB;
    node [shape=circle];
    
    1 [label="1", xlabel="Def: Seed\nC-Use: None"];
    2 [label="", shape=doublecircle];

    1 -> 2;
}

But the example had more nodes, but in our case, it's just one statement.

Wait, perhaps I should consider that the function's entry is a node and then the assignment is another. But since there's only one line, maybe it's represented as a single node leading to exit.

Alternatively, maybe the entry point is considered as part of node 1.

I think for simplicity, considering the function has only one statement, we can model it with two nodes: the assignment and the exit.

But according to the example, the first node was where variables were defined. So perhaps in our case, node 1 represents the assignment, which defines Seed.

So the mapping would be:

Node 1: the line Seed = 0;

Then, an edge from node 1 to node 2 (exit).

Now, the second part is the mapping of each node's code lines and their corresponding labels.

In this case, only one node corresponds to the single statement.

Thus, the complete CDFG would be a digraph with two nodes: node 1 for the assignment and node 2 as the exit.