Okay, so I need to analyze this code and extract all the user-defined function names. The user mentioned to ignore built-in or library functions and just list each name on its own line. Also, I should include every function, including main.

Let me start by looking through the code carefully. 

First, I see several function definitions. Let's go step by step.

The code starts with some comments and then defines a few constants like RAND_MAX and PI. Then there are function prototypes for fft and filter functions, but those are commented out, so maybe they aren't used here.

Looking further down, the first function I see is lms_rand(). It's defined as an int function, taking no parameters. So that's one function.

Next, there are several static functions:

1. static float lms_log(r) - this is another function.
2. static float lms_fabs(float n)
3. static float lms_sqrt(val)
4. static float lms_sin(rad)

Then there's a static function called gaussian() with no parameters.

Moving on, the main function is defined as int main(), so that's another one.

Further down, there's another function declared: float lms(float x, float d, float *b, int l, float mu, float alpha). This seems to be a key part of the LMS algorithm implementation.

Wait, are there any other functions? Let me check again. I don't see any others in the code provided. The user also mentioned that all functions, including main, should be included.

So compiling all these:

- lms_rand()
- lms_log()
- lms_fabs()
- lms_sqrt()
- lms_sin()
- gaussian()
- main()
- lms()

I think that's all the user-defined functions. I need to make sure I don't miss any, especially static ones which might be easy to overlook.

Another thing: in C, when a function is declared as static, it's only visible within the same file, but for this task, I'm just extracting names regardless of their visibility.

I also need to ensure that I include all functions, including those with parameters and return types. For example, lms_sqrt takes a float val and returns a float, so its name is simply lms_sqrt.

So the list should be:

lms_rand
lms_log
lms_fabs
lms_sqrt
lms_sin
gaussian
main
lms

I don't think I've missed any. Let me just scan through the code one more time to confirm.